Add pre release installation instruction (#2080)
qutip/qutip: doc/installation.rst

You can also install any more optional packages you want with ``conda install``, for example ``matplotlib``, ``ipython`` or ``jupyter``.

> Installation of the pre release of version 5

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Installation of the pre-release of version 5
```

============================================

> QuTiP version 5 has been in development for some time and bring a lot of new features, reworking heavily the core functionalities of QuTiP.
> It is available as a pre release on PyPI, anyone wanting to try the new features can install it with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
QuTiP version 5 has been in development for some time and brings many new features, heavily reworks the core functionalities of QuTiP.
It is available as a pre-release on PyPI. Anyone wanting to try the new features can install it with:
```

.. code-block:: bash

>    pip install --dev qutip

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   pip install --pre qutip
```

> We keep versions available as pre release fully working.
> If you find any bugs, confusing documentation or missing features, please tell us on `github <https://github.com/qutip/qutip/issues>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We expect the pre-release to fully work.
If you find any bugs, confusing documentation or missing features, please tell create an issue on `github <https://github.com/qutip/qutip/issues>`_.
```

> This version breaks compatibility with QuTiP 4.7 in many small ways.
> Please see the `changelog <./changelog.html>`_ for a list of changes, new features and deprecations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This version breaks compatibility with QuTiP 4.7 in many small ways.
Please see the :doc:`changelog` for a list of changes, new features and deprecations.
```
The link should be a Sphinx reference to the relevant source file.
